Valley worms have a natural inspiration for Gu mother
Just sprinkle with circulating powder
The worm will find a way to find Gu Mu
As long as you find Gu Mu
We can find evidence of the ancient mouth's crime
Song Xuan
Do you dare to frame Wu Daren for life?
Make it clear
When did we frame him?
Wu Daren said it all
You're just skeptical.
The haunted case of the Dashuaifu was planned by him
The purpose is to frame Lord Wu
My Song patrol is bright and upright
Never framed
No old dog takes you to press me
It means there must be a ghost in his heart
Humph
You soft rice man
It is clear that he wants to replace Lord Wu
I will never let your scheme succeed
Hey, this is that poisonous bone worm
part-time
Have something to say?
This is what Wu Laogou scared people
I've given him the drug.
When he was sucked out of Wu Laogou's blood
It all came to light.
Song Xu, what's wrong with you?
I'm in a hurry.